[Music]
i think everything's ready
why don't we sit down
this smells so wonderful what are we
having to eat
there's roast chicken baked potatoes
salad broccoli with garlic
red cabbage and rice help yourself
everyone
wow that's a lot of vegetables
vegetables are very healthy for you mr
evans
would you like some chicken just a
little thank you
i'm not a big chicken eater
how about some potatoes i'm sorry
i'm avoiding potatoes
some broccoli i'll pass i'm afraid it
doesn't agree with me
cabbage sorry
i'm allergic
mr evans i'm so sorry there's very
little here for you to eat
i'm crazy about rice well then
pass the rice please
cheryl this tastes
so delicious
bob you're not eating very much tonight
don't you like the food
bob's on a diet i'm trying to lose
weight
good for you bob i'm on a diet too
why are you on a diet you're so skinny
i'm trying to gain weight
[Music]
i can't stand it
cheryl that was fantastic the rice was
terrific cookies anyone
yes one please i'll take two thanks
for three
do you eat sweets mr evans i used to but
i can't anymore
no dessert for you bob not on his diet
but weren't you eating cookies
today at work i was eating carrots
didn't i see you snacking on candy this
afternoon
that was an apple what about that
ice cream you ate yesterday fruit salad
my mistake
these cookies are terrific if you like
the cookies
you'll love this cake oh
would you eat some strawberries mr evans
strawberries are my passion
really i'd eat strawberries on anything
cereal pasta even rice what are you
crazy about chocolate cake i can gain
weight with every bite
[Music]
i think i'll have a cookie bob could you
pass the
where'd they go i have one
i have four i have none
[Music]
hey you only live once
cheryl your hair looks gorgeous thank
you
i have a new shampoo bright and clean
i'd like to try it
did you find it at the drugstore no i
bought it at my salon on friday
i'll pick some up for you next time i'm
there great
thanks would you like some too bob
i have shampoo thanks but mine will make
your hair softer
and cleaner smelling um thanks but
no thanks come on bob don't you care
about how you look
of course i do i shampoo shower and
shave
every day that's all
is there more to do don't you use any
skin care products
body lotion or skin cream no
should i if you want your skin to stay
young and healthy do you use any
conditioner
that's for women lots of men use it too
really
sure women like men who take care of
their appearance
really okay uh
well what else should i do you don't
want me to wear makeup do you
lipstick mascara eyeshadow no
but how about a manicure i'm serious
look at your nails they're a mess men
get manicures
many do yes we can give you one
right here really piece of cake
well okay
great then we can talk about your
haircut facial and facelift
what
what is this stuff on my face
it makes your skin soft and smooth
it tastes terrible
sorry
i can't believe you cut my hair
and what'd you put in it some hairspray
hairspray not much
you'll like it
there wow
my nails look great
could i get a pedicure too
no
my hair looks great too
see what a little personal care can do
wow thank you so much
you know it's customary to tip the
person who gives you a haircut
how do i look good
you look really really good you look
amazing
then let's get pizza my treat great
you can never tell anyone about this
especially the facial deal
now when can i get an appointment for
another manicure
hello top-notch travel one moment please
hello top-notch just a moment please
top-notch pull please
hello hi mrs beatty
cheryl i'm afraid cheryl's not here
you're not satisfied with your hotel
no bellman i'm sorry
cheryl will call you back
okay goodbye
hello yes hello mr rasheed
cheryl's not here can i take a message
you want a cheaper hotel in budapest
a hotel without breakfast is okay
very good i'll give cheryl your message
goodbye
hello oh
hi ms novak she'll be right back
is there a message can your cat
stay with you at your hotel in rio
and you'd like to reserve a king-size
bed
i'll ask her to check and call you
bye-bye
oh you're back i have three messages for
you
let's see mrs beatty wants a cheaper
cat mr rasheed
isn't satisfied with his breakfast
and ms novak thinks the bellman needs a
king-sized
bed
they'll explain it all to you
what
hello i'd like to speak to a guest mrs
beatty
in room 514 thank you
hello hello mrs beatty
this is cheryl from top notch how's los
angeles
well the hotel isn't very nice dear
i'm sorry to hear that are you okay
you sound tired my room is on the fifth
floor
i had to walk up with my luggage there's
no bellman
no elevator no
and i wanted a non-smoking room with a
king size bed
and i requested that for you well
they gave me a smoking room with a twin
sized bed
it's all they have i'd better check your
reservation
what hotel are you at
the candle inn i think
and another thing they didn't make up
the room
the towels are dirty did you call
housekeeping
they're not answering and there are all
these students everywhere
i thought you said that movie stars stay
at this hotel
mrs beatty your reservation is for the
chandler inn
you're in the wrong hotel the chandler
in
is a much nicer hotel
oh well
i'd better call a taxi how will you get
your bags to the front desk
i'm sure i can find a student to help
i'll say i'm a movie star
i'll be fine okay good luck
goodbye
give us another one marie
we're running out of time
oh there she is i'm sorry i'm late
i couldn't find a parking space have you
been here long
since yesterday but it's no problem
the waiter brought us food and we slept
on the floor
have you chosen a movie yet we've been
trying
unfortunately these guys have seen
almost everything
we like the movies what about the action
film
the last train to hong kong
where is this train going believe me
you'd rather not
know we're going to hong kong aren't we
rather stay here and fight the 100 men
no
but i've always wanted to see hong kong
they've been doing this for a half hour
that looks a little too violent for me
what about on the bridge i hear it's
great
you're late frederick i'm sorry
and i've waited for you for so long
i got stuck in traffic
for two years very
romantic how about
the horror movie the hand
i've just returned from the train
station have you seen anything lately
no we should go inside good idea
i don't want to see that terrible head
do you really think there's a hand out
there that
stop doing that right now and the movie
tickets are my treat
[Laughter]
deal
i'm not buying you popcorn oh come on
so what do you want to do
hey isn't that david doolittle
the famous british actor you're right it
is
let's go say hi no what are you doing
aren't you david doolittle
yes i am wow we really like your movies
thank you you're great thank you very
much
remember that movie where you were that
dancer what was that called
the dancer that's it that was
unforgettable
i love that one where you're the chef
what's that one called
dr fork that was so
funny unforgettable man thank you
my favorite is the one where you're that
robot
musician named dd-42
oh i just saw that movie again last week
that's a great movie
what's that called songs of love yeah
man that's unforgettable
thanks you know what
i have to go soon and i should finish my
lunch oh right
yeah sorry it was nice to meet you on
youtube
take it easy take it easy
isn't that what you say at the end of
that movie where you're the pilot
pie in the sky yeah that was
unforgettable man
would you guys care to join me
what's your favorite
hello paul
what happened to you i had an accident
with the van
oh no are you okay i'm fine
i was wearing my seat belt no one was
hurt
but i think we're going to need a new
van what happened
i was driving on sixth street and there
were a lot of
fish on the road a lot of
what fish
why were there fish in the road
i don't know anyway i tried to turn
but i had a problem with the steering
wheel the steering wheel broke
no it came off
so i drove over the fish
the fish made the road slippery so i
tried to stop i hit a
parked car oh no i'm not finished
the car behind me was tailgating so he
hit me
a car on the opposite side of the road
hit a stop sign the stop sign fell and
smashed my hood oh no then
worst of all when i got out to look at
the damage
a piano fell on the van
[Music]
what where did it come from i don't know
but the
van does not look good the bumpers are
damaged
so is the hood the doors won't open the
windows won't close
the engine's not working the headlights
are smashed
the horn won't honk and it smells like
fish
are there any parts that are okay
the steering wheel still looks good
great
all we need is a van to go with it
we're going to need a van this afternoon
you're taking the tourist from chile to
the museum
i'll call the rental company are you
hungry
yeah want some my fish sandwich
oh sorry guess not
hi is this auto rent
i need a rental car a van
do you rent vans that's great
we'll need to pick it up right away
we'll probably need it for
two weeks could we return it on the 15th
of the month
great four-wheel drive
i could take the group from france to
the mountains
do you have any four-wheel drive vans
they don't have four wheel drive vans
how about a luxury van with dvd player
and stereo
do you have any luxury vans with dvd
and stereo stereo
yes dvd no how about a convertible van
do you have any convertible vans
what color do you want blue
no red no green
white will be fine
insurance yes we'd like insurance
lots and lots of insurance
please
[Music]
cinema cinema if you want to watch a
film or a movie you can go to the cinema
si na ma cinema
you can write theater t-e-r or t-r-e
theater this is american english this is
american english and this is british
english okay the same
but the same spell sorry but the same
pronunciation
theater theory remember th
th and then put your template in your
teeth
theater er fear
theater you can say theater or
with the tea that is not stressed you
can say theater
theater uh remember the difference
between
cinema and theater cinema is the place
where you can
watch the film on the movie but theater
is the place where you can watch
a play or maybe live performances of
artists
theater theater
[Music]
museum museum
museum is the place where objects and
things
that relates to cultures histories or
science
okay that is that is a place there and
then you can go there and then to visit
that is called museum museum
gallery gallery gallery is the place
uh where you can see the pictures or the
photos
or maybe some artworks that is called
gallery gallery
shopping more shopping more shopping
mall
is a very big place a big building for
you to go shopping you can buy any
things that
anything that you want there that is
called shopping more
shopping more remember sh
shop shopping mall and
remember if a l l go together
the d score that is pronounced
long or or okay more
more to say more small or tour
okay so shopping more shopping more
restaurant a lot of people say that is
restaurant or something like that
restaurant is not correct you can say
restaurant restaurant
restaurant or you or you can say
restaurant
remember store restaurant round not
rent okay restaurant restaurant
or restaurant restaurant
okay remember us here
restaurant zoo
zoo you can go there to
see any animals or maybe something like
that
that is called zoo school
remember scott um please don't say that
is schoon that is not schoon
american english score this is el
or score score in
british english we can say school school
that is okay
but don't say school okay or
school okay school this one
university university
university okay and
this one college car leach
okay don't say golly got it that is
college
remember g a at the end we have to
ch okay sorry that is called college
college one more time cinema
cinema theater theater
museum museum gallery
gallery shopping mall shopping mall
restaurant restaurant zoo
zoo school
school this one university
university remember tea tea here
it is not stress right so you can say
university
or you can say university
university or university university or
university
this one college college